MAINT Replace deprecated cython conditional compilation (#25654)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/performance.rst

Since scikit-learn can be built without OpenMP, it's necessary to protect each
direct call to OpenMP.

> The _openmp_helpers module, available in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_openmp_helpers` module, available in
```

`sklearn/utils/_openmp_helpers.pyx <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/sklearn/utils/_openmp_helpers.pyx>`_
provides protected versions of the OpenMP routines. To use OpenMP routines, they

> must be cimported from this module and not from the OpenMP library directly::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be C-imported from this module and not from the OpenMP library directly::
```

Author: I'm not sure about this one. I find it more intuitive to use the cython keyword.

  from sklearn.utils._openmp_helpers cimport omp_get_max_threads

>   max_threads = omp_get_max_threads()

Reviewer 2: This looks much clearer than before.
